in this video we're going to discover
how every time we're frustrated with
someone else it allows us to learn
something about ourselves and accept
something about ourselves which leaves
us more and more empowered and less and
less like a victim to do this we're
going to go into three things the first
one is what is being triggered and what
is projecting the second is how every
time we're triggered it is an unaccepted
part of ourselves that we are putting on
to somebody else and the third one is
how to free ourselves from these
projections and triggers so that we can
get empowered and finally I'll give you
an experiment that you can go home with
and test it out for yourself for this
purpose I'm defining a trigger as a
place where I get upset at somebody else
that's what I'm calling a trigger so
there's a trigger that is defined as I
just have gotten upset and I'm not
putting it on anybody I'm not talking
about that that would be like oh I got
triggered because I saw a car accident
I'm not speaking to that I'm speaking
about I got trigged trigged because I
saw a car accident and I hate that
person for driving recklessly right that
that is what I'm talking about or that
person just called me an and I'm
upset at them that's what I'm talking
about in a
trigger projection means there's a part
of myself that I can't accept and I am
putting it on the other person it might
be true like I might think that person's
an and they are an or I
might think that person is ignorant and
they are ignorant but the the reason
that I'm doing it is because I can't see
it in myself I won't allow myself to
accept and love that part of myself my
own ignorance or the my own propensity
to not listen to people or my own
propensity to be an and because
I can't love that I'm projecting it onto
somebody else and so the reason that
this works the reason that we go from
trigger to a projection is because we
are not really capable of loving in
somebody else what we can't love in
ourselves
so if we are frustrated somebody it
means that we're not loving that aspect
in them and it means that they're we're
not loving that aspect in
ourself and and you don't have to take
my word for this just like check it out
like write down all the times that you
were triggered and notice in the way
that you're triggered how that's also
true for you notice how you're triggered
because you were emotionally abandoned
and in that moment of emotional
abandonment you left the problem that
people get into when they can't see
their trigger is that they just don't
quite go deep enough so for instance
you're triggered by somebody who has
lied and you're like well I've been
honest I've actually not told a lie and
well have you been
transparent have you actually shared the
important things or have you not shared
the important things and how is that not
a lie so sometimes you just have to go
down one level to see the part of
yourself now to be clear they might have
lied and it might not be okay and I'm
not saying that you should excuse it but
I'm talking about your internal trigger
I'm talking about the fact that you are
controlled by their actions to the point
of getting frustrated I'm talking about
the fact that you're no longer able to
have an open heart with them even if
you're drawing a boundary even if you're
saying no even if you're expecting to
leave you have to shut yourself down and
leave yourself because there's a part of
yourself that you can't accept so just
because you're triggered doesn't mean
that you're not going to take an action
doesn't mean it's not true that they
have done that thing but we're talking
about your freedom and that's all that
matters for this conversation is like
how do you create your own freedom in
the
moment so that brings us to the third
thing which is how to free yourself of
these projections so that you can feel
deeply empowered this is actually
somehow the easiest part most of the
time which is as soon as you see the
projection there's almost immediate
relief as soon as you see that you're
frustrated somebody else because you're
not accepting and loving a part of
yourself that frustration goes away it
just automatically happens most of the
time then the question is how do you
learn to accept and love that aspect of
yourself again sometimes the awareness
is just enough to do it and you don't
have to do anything else if that
awareness doesn't immediately create
Acceptance in your system then there's
two more steps you can take the first
one is to learn to love that aspect of
yourself and the second is to forgive
yourself and here's a trick to learning
how to love that aspect of yourself you
just think of somebody else who has that
aspect that you love and you go oh wait
how can I love them and that aspect of
them and not love myself and actually
give yourself that feeling of Love Back
to yourself whatever it is that you're
judging yourself for say it's dishonesty
we've all been dishonest let's say that
one of the things you judge yourself for
is being a perfectionist we all have
some aspect that's a perfectionist in us
let's say something that you're judging
yourself for is um being to know it all
there's some part of us that all thinks
we know something that we don't know
that's just the reality of things and so
to be able to see it in others that you
love and love yourself in that same way
is a great little hack to learn how to
love that in yourself and then the last
is just to forgive yourself it's
literally to give yourself forgiveness
and take a moment close your eyes feel
that part of yourself and just say oh I
forgive I forgive myself for needing to
be perfect or I forgive myself for being
dishonest
and those two things can really lessen
your own projection and your own trigger
of
yourself so here's an experiment you can
do that will totally change the way you
project and get triggered and it's a
little bit scary but that's what makes
it work so well so the first thing that
you have to do is learn how to do an
upright apology an upright apology we
have a podcast on it and you can find
out how to do it at view. life/
experiments um so the first thing that
you're going to do is write down five
ways that you got triggered by somebody
and then the next thing you're going to
see do is see how the projection worked
in each of them what is it that you got
triggered by that you also have and that
you can't fully accept and love in
yourself and then the third thing you're
going to do is apologize to the person
who you're triggered by and you're going
to do it in an upright way which means
you're not going to do it with shame if
you do it with shame it'll just make it
worse and you're just going to apologize
to those people and then all of a sudden
you'll see all of those times you're
triggered it's just going to become less
and less and less and you'll be more and
more at peace and loving and accepting
of yourself and others if you want more
content like this like And subscribe and
if you want us to create anything in
particular then just give us a comment
below and we'll see what we can do
[Music]